Changed documentation for index thread quantity defaults (#10658)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _vector-search/settings.md

Setting | Static/Dynamic | Default | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---

> 1 (4 on systems with 32+ CPU cores)` | The number of threads used for native library and Lucene library (for OpenSearch version 2.19 and later) index creation. The default is 1 for systems with fewer than 32 CPU cores, and 4 for systems with 32 or more cores. Keeping this value low reduces the CPU impact of the k-NN plugin but also reduces indexing performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`knn.algo_param.index_thread_qty` | Dynamic |  `1` for systems with fewer than 32 CPU cores, `4` for systems with 32 or more cores | The number of threads used for native library and Lucene library (for OpenSearch version 2.19 and later) index creation. Keeping this value low reduces the CPU impact of the k-NN plugin but also reduces indexing performance.
```
